README.md, before:

# RR-BirdtownProgression

This is an addon mod which adds progression stepa for NickB's mod: [Birdtown v1.3](https://sites.google.com/view/westerntrainzkgp/railroader-mods/nicks-birdtown-branch)

## Requirements

- Railroader [the game](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1683150/Railroader/)
- Zamus RailLoader [v1.8.1.1](https://railroader.stelltis.ch/)
- Zamus StrangeCustoms [Beta v1.6.24103.2234](https://railroader.stelltis.ch/mods/strange-customs)
- Alinas Map Mod [V 1.3.24087.634](https://railroader.alinanova.dev/) only used for the progressions. No track from this mod is needed
- Nick Bs Birdtown Branchline [v1.3](https://sites.google.com/view/westerntrainzkgp/railroader-mods/nicks-birdtown-branch)

## Instalation

Drag the zip file on the **railloader.exe** for instalation

## Contents

- Added multilple progression steps to the Birdtown mod by NickB. These include:
  - A 3 step rebuild of the bridge between Ela and Birdtown
  - A build step to connect the Bendorsey Brewery and Ela Slaughterhouse to the
  - A build step to add the yard in Ela for use by either the local industries or as a staging platform for the branchline
  - A build step to add additional track for more convenience to the Brewery
- Renamed unloading / loading locations to not have multiple names for the same trackspans. These changes are display changes only.
  - Renamed Bendorsey Brewery Malt, Hops and Grain unloading locations to Bendorsey Brewery R1 / R2
  - Renamed Birdtown House track Gasoline, Lumber and Misc unloading locations to Birdtown House Track R1
  - Renamed Ela Slaughterhouse Livestock Unloading and Ela Slaughterhouse Livestock Loading to Ela Slaughterhouse B1
- Addded repair capabilities to repair facility in Birdtown, this is linked to the Whittier Engine Service Industry.

## Known issues

- Not accessible industry areas are highlighted when hovering over waybills:
  - Birdtown Brewery Beer Loading highlight also shows track which is still locked behind progression
  - When hovering over East Whittier Repair Track the track in Birdtown is also highlighted even when Birdtown is still locked.

Commit message:

added birdtown area moved industries to area added repar facility in birdtown increased hight of several powerpoles

README.md, after:

# RR-BirdtownProgression

This is an addon mod which adds progression stepa for NickB's mod: [Birdtown v1.3](https://sites.google.com/view/westerntrainzkgp/railroader-mods/nicks-birdtown-branch)

## Requirements

- Railroader [The game](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1683150/Railroader/)
- Zamus RailLoader [Beta V 1.8.1.1](https://railroader.stelltis.ch/) (for now only available on the railroader discord)
- Zamus StrangeCustoms [Beta V 1.6.24142.2228](https://railroader.stelltis.ch/mods/strange-customs) (for now only available on the railroader discord)
- Alinas Map Mod [V 1.3.24142.1848](https://railroader.alinanova.dev/) only used for the progressions and moving of powerpoles No track from this mod is needed
- Nick Bs Birdtown Branchline [V 1.3](https://sites.google.com/view/westerntrainzkgp/railroader-mods/nicks-birdtown-branch)

## Instalation

Drag the zip file on the **railloader.exe** for instalation

## Contents

- Added multilple progression steps to the Birdtown mod by NickB. These include:
  - A 3 step rebuild of the bridge between Ela and Birdtown
  - A build step to connect the Bendorsey Brewery and Ela Slaughterhouse to the
  - A build step to add the yard in Ela for use by either the local industries or as a staging platform for the branchline
  - A build step to add additional track for more convenience to the Brewery
- Renamed unloading / loading locations to not have multiple names for the same trackspans. These changes are display changes only.
  - Renamed Bendorsey Brewery Malt, Hops and Grain unloading locations to Bendorsey Brewery R1 / R2
  - Renamed Ela Slaughterhouse Livestock Unloading and Ela Slaughterhouse Livestock Loading to Ela Slaughterhouse B1
  - Renamed all Atlas Sulfuric Acid unloading and loading locations to Atlas Sulfuric Acid B1
  - Renamed Birdtown House track Gasoline, Lumber and Misc unloading locations to Birdtown House Track R1
- Renamed A.L. Cooke Coal Merchants (Birdtown) industry to A.L. Cooke Coal Merchants.
- Moved industries to a new area called Birdtown
  - Altas Sulfuric Acid
  - Birdtown House track
  - A.L. Cooke Coal Merchants
  - Birdtown Iron Ore Mine
- Added a repair shop to Birdtown with three repair tracks, the parts capactiy is half the capacity of the Whittier engine facility.
- Increased the hight of powerpoles in Ela near the Brewery.

## Known issues

- Not accessible industry areas are highlighted when hovering over waybills:
  - Birdtown Brewery Beer Loading highlight also shows track which is still locked behind progression
